alright man this the shit's fucking it's
it's it's fucking I I lost four fucking
words I guess by the way this fucking
video is probably not meant to for
fucking kids so anybody under the age of
18 to fucking watch this video please
ask your fucking parents first alright
alright here's for some team lethal beat
some team Grylls Cascade designs where I
show you a little bit of flex I I'm
still breaking everything in so it's a
little scary for me
which is
I speechless I mean that that's a amps
at point seven ohms each not even
strapped either that's just dialed in
with the DMM for both exactly they like
and that's about just between a quarter
and a half gain on the on the amps
wasn't sure exactly how the voltage was
going to be but it does real well just
three of these battery and one
alternator these answer so damn
efficiently and funny but it's getting
really good flex as you can see from the
door I mean I'm getting light through
all these doors when it flexes I mean
it's I've even looked I haven't been
outside the truck yet simple fact that I
got to keep the RPMs up for the
alternator but I mean I only got my box
bolted on yet I'm seeing that the box
the bottom and the port is getting a
decent amount of flex so I'm going to
have to fasten down which I have to I
just haven't got that far yet but and
once we get it all in there be able to
put these a second alternator be able to
put this shit up to about the edge up to
the fifteen point three volts team
gorilla
then we're definitely definitely going
to be some serious serious problems as
far as this truck not wanting to fuck up
and fall the fuck apart
I'm more more than happy I would I'm I'm
astonished I mean it's a loudest I've
ever been
definitely the definitely definitely
loud as I've ever been the wife and the
hard work paid off guys
I mean the hard work definitely paid off
I mean this swamped my trail system to
death I mean that tree hill big truly it
was those four 15s didn't even compare I
mean this is night and day difference I
mean who astonished thank you everybody
and more videos to come